you know sometimes with all those clouds
and no Sun for weeks on end it may seem
to you that your hometown is the
rainiest place on earth well there's
good news I mean I have to disappoint
you it's unlikely unless you live in
India that is let's compare some other
quite extreme things and figure out the
real champions one hotels the world's
biggest hotel is first world hotel in
Malaysia this ginormous construction has
7351 rooms 24 floors in Tower 1 and 28
floors in tower to the hotel was the
largest on the planet from 2006 to 2008
and got its status back in 2015 good
amber Germany if you want to live in the
world's smallest hotel once you tick
into the alehouse o hotel you'll have
all the place to yourself
the tiny property built on 173 square
feet of floor space manages to house an
entrance hall living room bedroom
breakfast room and bathroom number 2
sleep the longest time a person spent
without sleep was 11 and a half days or
276 hours this record was set by Ptolemy
Solon II in Finland in 1964 even though
there are no official records about the
longest natural uninterrupted sleep the
longest hypnotic sleep lasted for eight
days and received a lot of media
coverage number three streets the
world's widest street is Avenida Nueve
de Julio
which means July ninth Avenue in Spanish
please pardon my bad accent amigos the
street has up to seven lanes in each
direction and is also flanked by two
lane parallel streets on each side
you'll find the narrow street in the
world in the town of route lagoon in
Germany the width of sprayer Hofstra's
ax there's another accent I have to
apologize for it anyways it varies from
12 to 20 inches just enough space to
squeeze through and of course the
crookedest Street in the world is still
in San Francisco
Lombard Street makes you glad you have
good brakes on your car because the
crooked part is down the hill for
cycling the highest-altitude bike race
takes place in Peru I routed
Internationale Dilla alpaca starts in
the city of puno at the height of almost
16,000 feet this altitude is just twice
smaller than the cruising altitude of a
commercial airplane the lowest altitude
or should I say deepest cycling happened
underwater in 2008 Vittorio in assente
from Italy managed to ride his bike at
the depth of more than two hundred
eighteen feet that's ten giraffes placed
one on top of another in scuba gear yet
five capitals Khartoum the capital city
of Sudan is the hottest capital in the
world based on the average annual
temperature it reaches a blistering 86
degrees Fahrenheit and in April May and
June which are the hottest months the
temperature usually rises to 100 degrees
Fahrenheit the world's coldest capital
city is Alam Betar in Mongolia the
average annual temperature there is a
chilly twenty nine point seven degrees
six base jumpers the oldest BASE jumper
parachuted from a colossal bridge in
West Virginia the USA in 2013 at that
moment the man was 84 years and 37 days
old
yeehaw on the other hand when Claire
Murray made her first job she was only
16 at that time she became the youngest
female BASE jumper in the world by the
age of 26 she already had more than 750
jumps in her logbook seven BASE jumping
the highest base jump from a building
happened in 2014 when two Frenchmen
jumped off the Burj Khalifa tower in
Dubai UAE the distance to the ground was
more than 2700 feet more than twice the
height of the Empire State Building no
wonder this jump qualified for the
Guinness World Records the lowest base
job ever is still under debate some
people believe that it was a jump from
the
eight equal the seven London buses
stacked on top of each other
others argue that a jump from Whispering
Gallery inside st. Paul's Cathedral in
London was a bit lower just seven and a
half London buses and we at bright side
continue to set new records for the
wackiest comparisons first scuba-diving
giraffes now London buses base-jumping
what could be next eight airport runways
combo bomb to airport in China has the
longest publicly used runway in the
world its length is a bit more than
18,000 feet wait for it that's six and a
half Burj Khalifa's the airport needs
such a long runway because of its high
altitude the flap of lava I can't even
pronounce this name Airport on the tiny
Caribbean island of Saba has the
shortest runway in the world for
commercial flights it's around 1,300
feet long just three and a half football
fields
what's more the airport is notoriously
windy and if a pilot overshoots the
runway even by a bit their plane will
nosedive directly into the ocean happy
landings 9 yachts so far the world's
most expensive yacht ever built is
history supreme this luxurious vessel
costs a staggering 4.8 billion dollars
on the job you can see a real t-rex bone
statue a wall made of meteorite rocks
and a 24 carat aqua vista panoramic wall
ooh I gotta get me one of those for
comparison you can get a modest-sized
non luxury yacht for less than $300,000
an oval let's get to ten water bodies
the saltiest water body in the world is
gay tala pond in ethiopia the waters of
this small lake contained 43 percent of
salt a thermal spring located beneath
the lake is responsible for its
saltiness and hot temperature the
world's freshest which means the least
salty seawater is in the Baltic Sea it
contains just 10% of salt
eleven animals lifespan an animal with
the shortest lifespan is the mayfly this
tiny insect lives for only one day
within this time the mayfly manages to
get born mature and reproduce that some
multitasking there's one particular kind
of jellyfish that can be justly called
immortal if not harmed the creature can
live forever the trick is simple this
jellyfish can cycle from an adult stage
to a polyp stage and back again and yet
it's still a jellyfish 12 ringed the
wettest place in the world by annual
rainfall is Maus and ROM in India the
place gets on average 39 feet of
rainfall every year the driest months
are December in January when the amount
of water falling from the sky chuckles
down to two inches locals probably
consider it a light drizzle the driest
place on earth is and arctica I know I
know what about all that snow not in Dry
Valleys the biggest part of this region
hasn't seen any rain for millions of
years that's a place with almost no
water whatsoever no snow no ice and no
rain 13 win both National Geographic
Atlas and Guinness World Records named
Commonwealth Bay and Antarctica the
windiest place on the planet there wind
speeds often reach 150 miles per hour
which is twice as fast as a hurricane
the average annual wind speed is also
impressive 50 miles per hour
hey here on the bright side this
narrator stalks at 75 miles per hour
with wind gusts up to 160 ah
interestingly the world's calmest place
is also IND Antarctica even though no
human has ever set foot in that place
scientists have determined that its
ridge a on the Antarctic Plateau there's
hardly any wind in that area whatsoever
14 planets the hottest planet in our
solar system is Venus even though it's
not the one closest to the Sun its
temperature is 860 degrees Fahrenheit at
anytime and in any place you check be at
the equator or the North Pole during the
day or at night yep you'd burn your
cookies they're the coldest and the
farthest from the Sun planet is Neptune
its surface temperature doesn't usually
rise above minus 350 on the other hand
Uranus being on average a bit warmer
than Neptune has the most extreme
temperature drops down to minus 371
degrees 15 rivers the Nile is the
longest river in the world it flows
through nine countries and has the
length of more than 4,000 miles that's
wait for it 14 and a half Grand Canyon's
the world's shortest river is the roe
River in Montana USA at its longest
constant point the river is just 201
feet long which is even less than the
wingspan of a Boeing 747 okay this is
just getting silly sixteen restaurants
the largest restaurant in the world is
in Damascus Syria Damascus Gate
restaurant that's its English name can
seat six thousand and fourteen people
and the area it occupies is equal to two
Manhattan city blocks the world's
smallest restaurant at least that's what
a sign on its front declares is the coop
E you can find this yellow wooden cabin
in a Sami Finland the tiny dining room
occupies half of the entire construction
and can seat no more than two guests
well just imagine a stack of ten
giraffes in scuba gear all in a boat
floating through 14 and a half Grand
Canyon's then they base jump from seven
and a half stacked London buses landing
on six and a half Burj Khalifa's Oh
while you're burning your cookies on
Venus aren't you glad you watch till the
very end
[Music]